Fix Microsoft SSO setup instructions (#3329)
clerkinc/clerk-docs: docs/_partials/authentication/microsoft/enable-openid.mdx

> 1. In the left sidenav, open the **Manage** dropdown and select **Authentication**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the left sidenav, open the **Manage** dropdown and select **Authentication (Preview)**.
```

From the screenshot.

1. Select the **Settings** tab.
1. In the **Front-channel logout URL** field, paste the **Redirect URI** you copied from the Clerk Dashboard.

> 1. Under **Implicit grant and hybrid flows**, check both **Access tokens (used for implicit flows)** and **ID tokens (used for implicit and hybrid flows)**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Under **Implicit grant and hybrid flows**, toggle on both **Access tokens (used for implicit flows)** and **ID tokens (used for implicit and hybrid flows)**.
```
